python3.pkgs.django-mdeditor: drop (#515503)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/release-notes/rl-2605.section.md

- `python3Packages.pikepdf` no longer builds with mupdf support by default, which may be nice in Jupyter and iPython. Build with `withMupdf = true` if this is required.

> - `python3Packages.django-mdeditor` has been removed, as it was unmaintained and the subject of a [significant security vulnerability](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/515462).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `python3Packages.django-mdeditor` has been removed, as it was unmaintained upstream and the latest release was vulnerable to a [critical security vulnerability](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/515462).
```

Author: Applied @thunze's suggestion

Reviewer 2: Thanks, but this suggestion is for a different file: the release notes. Please apply this suggestion as well and squash your commits (CI is currently failing because of the commit message).

Author: Done, apologies for the oversight
